c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\bin32\libiomp5md.dll
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\bin32\mkl_custom.dll
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\bin64\libiomp5md.dll
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\bin64\mkl_custom.dll
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\LuckyMeApp.dll
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\LuckyMeApp.pdb
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Computing.dll
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Core.dll
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Drawing.dll
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.IO.HDF5.dll
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Toolboxes.MachineLearning.dll
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Toolboxes.Optimization.dll
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Toolboxes.Statistics.dll
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\OpenTK.dll
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.dll
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Urho.Forms.dll
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Computing.xml
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Core.xml
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Drawing.xml
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.IO.HDF5.xml
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Toolboxes.MachineLearning.xml
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Toolboxes.Optimization.xml
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Toolboxes.Statistics.xml
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.pdb
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.xml
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Urho.Forms.xml
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\obj\Debug\LuckyMeApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\obj\Debug\LuckyMeApp.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\obj\Debug\LuckyMeApp.Page1.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\obj\Debug\LuckyMeApp.Views.LotteryView.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\obj\Debug\LuckyMeApp.Views.CoinView.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\obj\Debug\LuckyMeApp.Views.GroupsView.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\obj\Debug\LuckyMeApp.Views.DiceView.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\obj\Debug\LuckyMeApp.dll
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\obj\Debug\LuckyMeApp.pdb
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\obj\Debug\LuckyMeApp.dll.mdb
c:\users\liran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\LuckyMeApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\bin32\libiomp5md.dll
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\bin32\mkl_custom.dll
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\bin64\libiomp5md.dll
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\bin64\mkl_custom.dll
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\LuckyMeApp.dll
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\LuckyMeApp.pdb
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Computing.dll
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Core.dll
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.IO.HDF5.dll
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Toolboxes.MachineLearning.dll
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Toolboxes.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Toolboxes.Statistics.dll
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\OpenTK.dll
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.dll
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Urho.Forms.dll
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Computing.xml
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Core.xml
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.IO.HDF5.xml
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Toolboxes.MachineLearning.xml
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Toolboxes.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\ILNumerics.Toolboxes.Statistics.xml
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.pdb
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.xml
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Urho.Forms.xml
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\obj\Debug\LuckyMeApp.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\obj\Debug\LuckyMeApp.Page1.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\obj\Debug\LuckyMeApp.Views.LotteryView.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\obj\Debug\LuckyMeApp.Views.CoinView.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\obj\Debug\LuckyMeApp.Views.GroupsView.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\obj\Debug\LuckyMeApp.Views.DiceView.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\obj\Debug\LuckyMeApp.dll
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\obj\Debug\LuckyMeApp.pdb
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.SimpleAudioPlayer.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.SimpleAudioPlayer.dll
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.SimpleAudioPlayer.pdb
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.SimpleAudioPlayer.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\obj\Debug\LuckyMeApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\obj\Debug\LuckyMeApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\liran\Desktop\Xamarin\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\LuckyMeApp\bin\Debug\LuckyMeApp.dll.mdb
